Data exploration began by looking at the null values across the tables. Perhaps due to the size
of the dataset, the 'food' table contains several columns with large amounts of null values 
(description, brand_owner, brand_name, subbrand_name, serving_size, and serving_size_unit). While
many of these null values can be ignored for most comparisons, the product description is the
only way of identifying what the product is so any rows with missing descriptions were dropped.

The 'food_nutrient' table had no null values while the 'nutrient' table only had a few null
values in the nutrient_nbr and rank columns which are unimportant and do not affect comparisons.

Both price datasets ('walmart_price' and 'wholefoods_price' tables) contained some rows with null
values for prices which had to be dropped but otherwise only had nulls in less relevant columns
or no nulls at all.

For data visualization, the main focus was on the amount of products by brand and overall price
comparisons as the nutrient information varies greatly depending on the type of food and isn't
very easy to generalize except by direct comparison. The 'food' table seemed to contain a large
variety of brands, with Great Value brand as the number one by about 1000 entries followed by
several other brands with 3000-6000 products each. The 'walmart_price' and 'wholefoods_price'
tables had similar distributions of branded products as both were dominantly their Great Value
and Whole Foods brands respectively.

In terms of average pricing across brands, both Great Value and Whole Foods brands had an
average price of around $4. However, this isn't the greatest statistic to look at for general
comparisons as each brand has a large variety of products. Other brands with high average prices
include Starbucks, Navitas Organics, Sam's Choice, Jimmy Dean, and Natierra, in no particular 
order.

As the 'walmart_price' table included a category column, we compared the average price across 
categories as well. Unsuprisingly, canned goods were the lowest average price while coffe was
the highest.

Finally, the distribution of prices across both datasets was graphed. The majority of Walmart
products were between $0 and $5 while the majority of Whole Foods products were between $0 and
$10, indicating an overall higher average price for Whole Foods products. However, this could be
due to the presence of higher price point items instead of specific items being higher priced.

To directly compare a specific item across both stores, we graphed the price of lettuce using
a histogram. The Walmart lettuc ranged from $1.5 to $4 with the majority being in the $2-$3.5
range, while the Whole Foods lettuce ranged about evenly from $3-$4.